Favourite Anticipated Questions
-------------------------------

1/ What is Castep?

2/ I have this problem with Castep...

3/ There is a bug in your code!

4/ Can I modify / distribute your code?

5/ Where can I find the latest version?

6/ Does check2xsf run on Windows / MacOS / My Weird System?

7/ How do wavefunctions get reduced to being real?

8/ Does you code suffer from buffer overflows?

9/ How can I read check2xsf.1?

10/ Why C?!

Z/ How can I contact you?

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1/  What is Castep?

See www.castep.org. If you don't use Castep, this code is unlikely to
be very useful.

2/ I have this problem with Castep...

I am not interested.

3/ There is a bug in your code!

Just one? Golly. Feel free to report it. Please don't send me emails
of more than about 100K -- if I need some data files to reproduce the
problem, I'll ask. The output of check2xsf given "-vvv" may be
helpful, depending on the nature of the problem.

4/ Can I modify / distribute your code?

Surely. It is licenced under the GPL, version 2, which explicitly
permits this in most cases. If your case is incompatible with the GPL
(such as you wish to incorporate parts of the source in a non-GPL
code) then you are reminded that this is not permitted, but that the
author retains full right to the code, so it might be possible to
persuade him to allow you to use a different licence.

If you wish to send me modifications to incorporate into the version I
distribute, feel free. It would make my life less complicated if you
assign copyright to me as you do so, so I shall assume that you wish
to do so unless you explicitly state otherwise.

5/  Where can I find the latest version?

A search engine may be best. Otherwise try
http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/~mjr/

6/ Does check2xsf run on Windows / MacOS / My Weird System?

It should compile on anything with an ANSI C (1989) compiler, IEEE
floating point representation and four byte integers. It should run on
either endianness. It was written for Linux/IA32 and Solaris/SPARC.

7/ How do wavefunctions get reduced to being real?

If two wavefunctions are degenerate, the code will fail silently. Bother.

If one is at the gamma point, there is simply a constant phase factor.

Away from the gamma point, attempting to make the wavefunction real is
probably only meaningful in isolated systems where quarter points have
been used to minimise interactions between periodic images. The code
removes the phase introduced by the k-point.

8/ Does you code suffer from buffer overflows?

Yes. So if someone carefully crafts a mangled .check file, he can do
nasty things to you via this program.

9/ How can I read check2xsf.1?

It is a UNIX man page. "nroff -man check2xsf.1 | less -R" works for me.

10/ Why C?!

It seemed like the best way of reading either endianness automatically
(at the time I was using both Solaris/SPARC and Linux/x86).

Z/ How can I contact you?

My email address is mjr19 at the obvious University (not departmental)
domain. If that fails, try googlemail, but with user id changed to
include my surname spelt in full.

